Ix: Give thieves a skill like retreat, but allowing them to 'escape' from battle...
Ix: Steal should be able to steal from any body part, depending on stand/rest/sleep of victim
Ix: ambendextrous (sp)  Thief/Warrior skill.  Changes which weapon you wield to the weapon you hold, and vice versa, reqs: dual wield 2 weapons no shield 
Ilduras: make rumor cost 5 mana
Matal: gust should make all mobs it hits agreessive towards the caster
Malkier: one more thing about the urchins, it's really bad ettiquette to have aggressive mobs in the place where new players start out
Feenat: In score it shows how much til next level. How about also how much til maxx? like two levels away?
Feenat: make it so you can sell or auction druid potions. I don't know what to do with the ones I have
Sol: until there are no more aggressive fucking mobs in sanctuary I'm not coming back again. I have been flee killed by them for the last fucking time
Magius: settable prompt - obtainable from circle ftp
Magius: alphabetized command list
Magius: apply aedit patch to move socials from the command list into a list of thier own
Magius: set all player commands at level 1 or higher, set mob commands at level 0, hide level 0 command from players
Magius: use seperate colors for room title and room description
Magius: command shortening...add code so player can type k serp and the mud can detect that they want to kill serpent
Magius: organized score display, create tabulated score display to show stats in a more readable manner.
Magius: add tnl display to prompt (tnl = to next level)
Magius: corpse sacrificing, great way to appease the gods, as well as clean some clutter
Magius: tabulated shop listings
Magius: kiss should not come before kill in the command listings
Magius: all doors should also accept direction, ie. open east should open the east door.
Magius: wearing an item should remove an item that alread equipped
Magius: use coloring in room descriptions to highlight nearby locations
Magius: worth command, allows the player to quickly check how much money he has both with them an in the bank, as well as how much experience is need to the next
Magius: easy commands in note editor, the @ for ending the note isn't enough, add commands for deleting lines, appending lines, and insertine lines
Magius: idealist, buglist, typolist handy commands to paginate the contents of the idea,bug, and typo files to the player
Magius: exit descriptions - short oneline descriptions shown with each exit automatically, to give a player a little more info on whats in a direction
Magius: currently, if there is a closed door to the east, it doesn't show east as an exit, all viable exits should be displayed unless they are flagged as hidden
Magius: Add a book object that is given to all new players that gives general directions from fountain square to places of interest, like inns where they can ren
Magius: redo the general help screen to offer more info with better organization
Magius: helptopics is great, but add functionality to display only a topics starting with a certain letter, (helptopics a)
Magius: add a search string to helptopics, so that 'helptopics rip' will show all topics that have 'rip' in the word
Magius: to prior search string for helptopics, have it more like 'helptopics %rip%', the % sign means any letter here.
Magius: Newbies tend to get lost easily, allow newbies up to level 5 to use a free recall command, after level 5 the command should say they can't.
Magius: newbies are going to die fast, perhaps newbies level 5 and below should be able to buy thier corpses for free
Magius: command should check to see if a player has access to use a command/skill before showing it in the list
Magius: mudschool or some similiar command to return a player level 1 to 5 to the mud training area
Magius: player settable flag to enable alias's to be echoed back to player when used
Magius: show bank balance in score command
Magius: show current alignment in score display
Magius: add bank support for desposit all and withdraw all
Magius: maybe invisible players shouldn't show up on the who list
Toric: There should be a help file here on on the site that explains how damage is dealt and how various enhancements affect it.
Toric: the examine command should work on one's own items while resting.
Toric: perhaps newbies should get access to the rumor channel before they are able to learn area affect spells. lvl 12, for instance. (Ice storm is at lvl 19)
Toric: warriors should get track, but at higher levels. would make sense.
Toric: mage's tome. hold tome. identify an item. id is saved in tome. never forget an items stats again.
Toric: fix prayer beads to be both neck and wrist gear. some people put them there.
Toric: the group command should show an xp indicator. current needed vs max needed. would help group leaders.
Fenrir: traditionally, create water can be cast on a container to fill it with water. this would be handy for smaller, lighter, containers.
Toric: report should show current and max valued for hp, move, and mana
Toric: sorry about that last. GROUP should show current and max. like report does.
Fenrir: perhaps warriors could learn throw earlier, but only for heavy, inacurate items like axes.
Toric: if the shopkeeper is going to pay you little or nothing for a damaged item, they should at least repair it, then re sell it.
Toric: give the create water command an optional target. traditionally, the spell can fill any container it is aimed at. And cups or flasks are lighter than bar
Toric: auction channel for just speaking about items for sale or that are wanted. perhaps by using " " to seperate speech from bids.
Toric: when a person tries to rent with a no-rent item, the receptionist keeps the item and puts it on a priority list to be re-spawned.
Ilario: cancle that last. sorry.... command "auc post sale|want" to put up classified adds on auc channel. "auc" with no auction on lists the adds.
Ilario: for mages and clerics, "consume" spell. destroys a wand, staff, or potion and converts it into mana equal to the cast cost of the spells. higher level ge
Ilario: continued... gets higher percent of that mana.
Ilario: better con command for thief, mage, psi, and paladin. must be practiced, adds info to regular con. mainly how resistant they are to your skills.
Ilario: Durwin should be able (and sometimes willing) to cast mana and restore ones energies.
Solaar: at piers, better show a boats destination
Tuatha: globe
Tuatha: globe
Samsa: command
Kalim: Hill Giant's Fort doesn't have a key because the zone isn't populated in the zon file
Kalim: Remove the chance to load on Eagle King's gear
Sicilian: stamina
Kalim: shard
Tal: balrog
Radjabov: helmet
Radjabov: elfeater
Kalim: gloves
Kalim: paws
Nerim: girth
Solaar: Blaise has suggested increasing hp gains based off CON
Ilario: distance atack for a psi. mental assasin. basically a mind blast over distance, and proportionally weaker.
Fenrir: command wire. for a fee, send money straight to someone else wo auction. posting money.
Toric: bring back charm for mages. 
Ilario: Mage's Encyclopedia. captures identify info. based on your int, a percent of the data fields will be filled each time.
Akira: red
Akira: red
Bioc: shield
Rexor: rhino
Lucifer: ring
Ix: put in a help paladin
Solaar: when i don't, i don't want to go to the Welcome to Thieves World menu
Eldar: sword
Hoyt: fur
Chrono: scptre
Smoosh: photon
Neddy: rod
Smoosh: ring
Ix: Does the bard song lullabye do anything more than the bard suggestion to sleep?
Cobain: mud
Omen: sword
Dor: the 'deranged policeman' in Cthulhu does not respond to 'policeman', only 'deranged'
Novak: rival
Bioc: shard
Bioc: shard
Bioc: shard
Elian: A skill/Spell for recharging wands and staffs would be nice, If it's possible to be implimented :)
Rozen: I think there needs to be more tannible slots. Such as maybe a cloak/jacket for about, Belts, And possibly wrists
Rozen: Restore the reagents list back to the old way !
Lucifer: comb
Seifer: garb
Lucifer: axe
Gorum: seashell
ix: sword
Bioc: dagger
Sylvist: spectacles
Gragnuk: twig
Dashed: lol?
Bioc: tyrant
Bungle: yellow
Bungle: plate
